[home-assistant] migrate to common chart (#333)
k8s-at-home/charts: charts/home-assistant/README.md

> # home-assistant

Reviewer: We should maybe have a guideline for what we put here... is it the chart name, the app name? If it's the latter I think we should stick with `Home Assistant`

Author: "Home Assistant" is good with me too, we should be using app names

This is a helm chart for [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/).

**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**

## TL;DR;

```shell
$ helm repo add k8s-at-home https://k8s-at-home.com/charts/
$ helm install k8s-at-home/home-assistant
```

## :star2: Changelog

Please refer to [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for an overview of notable changes to the chart. **This is especially important for major version updates!**

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release k8s-at-home/home-assistant
```

> ### zwave / zigbee

Reviewer: Since they are "official" names I think we should capitalize them as such.
```suggestion
### Z-Wave / Zigbee
```

> A zwave and/or zigbee controller device could be used with Home Assistant if passed thru from the host to the pod. Skip this section if you are using zwave2mqtt and/or zigbee2mqtt or plan to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Z-Wave and/or Zigbee controller device could be used with Home Assistant if passed through from the host to the pod. Skip this section if you are using zwave2mqtt and/or zigbee2mqtt or plan to.
```

> First you will need to mount your zwave and/or zigbee device into the pod, you can do so by adding the following to your values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you will need to mount your Z-Wave and/or Zigbee device into the pod, you can do so by adding the following to your values:
```
